Attaching to watch-directory
watch-directory  | File Created: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | File Created: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | File uploaded to API: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | File uploaded to API: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis complete succesfully: /watch_data/4-video/video1.MOV
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis queued: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store
watch-directory  | Analysis complete succesfully: /watch_data/4-video/.DS_Store

